welcome to the first episode of do your
own adventure with Sue teller
I'm your host sue teller I'd like to
start by asking who's bored with arts
and crafts oh I feel yeah I've made all
the decorative tissue box covers and
macaroni birdhouses I care to make no
joke now with that out of our system
let's put some of that creative energy
to good use
no more fuddy-duddy can I get a hell
yeah yeah
customizing your kicks that's what I'm
talking about
nah me now a lot of people like to use
dyes and sequins and crap but that is so
1940s instead I'm going to show you a
sweet-ass technique that I think is
going to be pretty dope all you need is
a wood burning kit and a crisp pair of
kicks now I think any shoe fabric will
do but I'm going to go with the classic
pleather model if you're into the bling
feel free to use genuine leather now I'm
just going to let this wood-burning tool
warm up in the meantime let's take a
caller shall we
hi caller you're on the air hello you're
on the air yes I'm sue Taylor how can I
help you oh I guess that means we're
ready to go before you begin I recommend
that you have an idea of what you want
to burn thought-out preferably something
fresh I'm going to do a little design
then I came up with when I was in the
bathroom now of course you can create
all kinds of designs like a kitten or a
butterfly or even flaming skulls just do
whatever makes you feel good on the
inside let's put a similarly squiggle
there and I think we're ready to rock
granny's gonna have a new pair of kicks
oh yeah now remember the wood birdy tool
can stay hot for a while so be sure not
to burn yourself I don't need another
lawsuit well that's all we have time for
today until next time I'm sue Teller
encouraging you to try new things and to
do your own adventure please